---
layout: post
title: AzureCon 2015 videos
date: '2015-10-07 11:10:23'
---

All the AzureCon videos, for simplified browsing / selection.

##Keynotes
<a href="http://emails.microsoft.com/NQ00XGJE000VjnE0PW40k0q" style="font-weight: inherit; color: #00bcf2;" target="_blank">Journey to the intelligent cloud</a> &ndash; Scott Guthrie
<a href="http://emails.microsoft.com/kG0Qq0W00nj00QEJkV0Y40E" style="font-weight: inherit; color: #00bcf2;" target="_blank">Building apps with the intelligent cloud</a> &ndash; Bill Staples
<a href="http://emails.microsoft.com/dE0qjVZWnJ0Ek00Q4R000G0" style="font-weight: inherit; color: #00bcf2;" target="_blank">Transforming data into intelligent action</a> &ndash; T. K. &ldquo;Ranga&rdquo; Rengarajan
<a href="http://emails.microsoft.com/z0Jk0Eq0004QW0oVGjT0E00" style="font-weight: inherit; color: #00bcf2;" target="_blank">Infrastructure for the intelligent cloud</a> &ndash; Jason Zander

##Foundational sessions
<a href="http://emails.microsoft.com/VkQU000EoV0E000Gq4Jj1W0" style="font-weight: inherit; color: #00bcf2;" target="_blank">Azure for developers</a> &ndash; Scott Hanselman
<a href="http://emails.microsoft.com/WG0VVWQ4q020EEj00J0ko00" style="font-weight: inherit; color: #00bcf2;" target="_blank">Azure for IT implementers</a> &ndash; Mark Russinovich
<a href="http://emails.microsoft.com/FVkQq003W0G0j0oJ000EEW4" style="font-weight: inherit; color: #00bcf2;" target="_blank">Azure data and analytics platform</a> &ndash; Shawn Bice

##All videos
<h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-networking-basics-for-building-applications-in-azure/">Networking basics for building applications in Azure</a></h4> <p>Join this session to find out about the networking features that let you build large multi-tier applications in Azure. We’ll walk you through setting up virtual networks, securing them with network security groups, setting up application gateways for front-end connectivity, and setting up VPN gateways for cross-premises connectivity. Presented by: Yousef Khalidi</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-q-a-with-mesosphere-and-mark-russinovich/">Q&amp;A with Mesosphere and Mark Russinovich</a></h4> <p>Join Corey Sanders as he speakers to Mesosphere's Ben Hindman and Microsoft Azure CTO Mark Russinovich. </p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-q-a-with-scott-johnson-svp-of-docker/">Q&amp;A with Scott Johnson, SVP of Docker</a></h4> <p>Corey Sanders talks with Scott Johnson, Senior Vice President of Product Management at Docker, live at #AzureCon. </p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-deciding-between-the-different-hybrid-networking-options-in-azure/">Deciding between the different hybrid networking options in Azure</a></h4> <p>Discover your hybrid networking connectivity choices to securely extend your on-premises network into the Microsoft cloud. Learn about the tradeoffs and how scenario requirements determine the best hybrid connectivity technology. The demo will show how you can quickly get a hybrid scenario running in Azure. Presented by: Ross Ortega</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-q-a-with-jason-zander/">Q&amp;A with Jason Zander</a></h4> <p>Microsoft Azure Infrastructure CVP Jason Zander answers #AzureCon questions. </p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-applications-that-scale-using-gpu-compute/">Applications that scale using GPU Compute</a></h4> <p>GPUs are coming to Azure. This session will be the public announcement that Azure is working hard to bring these to market in the form of a Private Preview with a target of December 2015. Through our partnership with NVidia, we will be offering state-of-the-art GPU Visualization Infrastructure and GPU Compute Infrastructure. Join this session to learn about the technology, see demos, and hear customer stories. Presented by: Mark Staveley</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-introducing-the-microsoft-azure-iot-suite/">Introducing the Microsoft Azure IoT Suite</a></h4> <p>Learn how Microsoft Azure IoT Suite lets you capture and analyze untapped device data to improve results across your business. Built on the flexible and innovative Azure cloud platform, Azure IoT Suite integrates with your company’s existing processes, devices, and systems to let you make the best use of existing and new data sources. With these preconfigured solutions, you can quickly and confidently get started with a solution that’s tailored to your business needs, then scale IoT projects across your company. Presented by: Steve Hoberecht</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-user-defined-routes-and-network-appliances/">User defined routes and network appliances</a></h4> <p>This session introduces the concept of user defined routes and IP Forwarding and illustrates how this can used to build sophisticated scenarios involving network virtual appliances. There will also be a code walkthrough of the template used to set up the scenario end to end in Azure Resource Manager. Presented by: Narayan Annamalai</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-windows-server-containers-docker-and-an-introduction-to-azure-container-service/">Windows Server containers, Docker, and an introduction to Azure Container Service</a></h4> <p>Learn the core concepts of containers on Azure. Find out what containers are and what Docker is. We’ll look at both Linux containers and Windows Server containers (including Hyper-V containers). Finally, we’ll take a brief look at Azure Container Service. Presented by: Corey Sanders, Ross Gardler</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-new-azure-security-center-helps-you-prevent-detect-and-respond-to-threats/">New Azure Security Center helps you prevent, detect, and respond to threats</a></h4> <p>In this session, we will introduce a new Azure service that helps you prevent, detect and respond to threats with increased visibility and control over the security of your Azure resources and advanced analytics to identify attacks that might otherwise go undetected. Stay ahead of current and emerging threats with cloud security policies that enable you to recommend and monitor security configurations, easy deployment of integrated Microsoft and partner security solutions, and real-time security alerts that enable you to respond and recover from security incidents more quickly. Presented by: Sarah Fender</p> 

<h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-deep-dive-on-the-azure-container-service-with-mesos/">Deep dive on the Azure Container Service with Mesos</a></h4> <p>In this session you’ll learn the core concepts of Docker on Azure with initial focus on development through production workflows that are portable from the desktop to the cloud. Take a look at the forthcoming Azure Container Service with Mesos, focusing on how it simplifies the creation and management of Azure environments for these workflows. Presented by: Ross Gardler</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-getting-insights-into-auditing-and-monitoring-operations-on-azure-networking-resources/">Getting insights into auditing and monitoring operations on Azure Networking Resources</a></h4> <p>Building and running a large scale enterprise workload on the public cloud require insights into management and operations of your network. Join us in this session to learn how you can leverage Azure Networking log analytics to consume and analyze logs. This will enable you to understand and audit your network management and operations, and gain operational insights using Microsoft's Power BI and Operations Management Suite (OMS). Presented by: Lamia Youseff</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-overview-of-azure-iot-hub/">Overview of Azure IoT Hub</a></h4> <p>Azure IoT Hub is a scalable, multi-tenant cloud platform (IoT PaaS) that includes an IoT device registry, data storage, and security. It also provides a service interface to support IoT application development.&nbsp;Learn how Azure IoT Suite helps you securely connect millions of Linux, iOS, Android, Windows, and real-time operating system (RTOS) devices to reliably send telemetry and receive commands from your application back-end in the cloud. Presented by: Elio Damaggio</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-using-expressroute-with-office-365/">Using ExpressRoute with Office 365</a></h4> <p>Azure ExpressRoute for Office 365 is a premium alternative to the public Internet for connecting your users to Office 365 servers. If you want premium networking or see network connectivity as a competitive advantage, join this session and learn how ExpressRoute provides data privacy, predictable performance, and guaranteed availability for network connectivity to Office 365. You will also discover common usage scenarios for ExpressRoute with Office 365 and learn how to get started. Presented by: Paul Andrew</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-azure-files-storage-a-frictionless-cloud-smb-file-system-for-windows-and-linux/">Azure Files Storage: a frictionless cloud SMB file system for Windows and Linux</a></h4> <p>Learn about Azure Files Storage, including the new SMB 3.0-based capabilities that are now available at GA. The session includes a review of Files Storage scenarios and an introduction to exciting new capabilities that enable Files Storage to securely bridge on-premises and cloud based workloads. We’ll also provide hands-on demonstrations for Windows and Linux users on how to get started, connectivity using SMB 3.0 encryption, and new Azure portal files management capabilities. And, we’ll share customer scenarios and innovative partner offerings. Presented by: Jason Hogg</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-azure-content-delivery-network-expanded-offers-and-capabilities/">Azure Content Delivery Network: expanded offers and capabilities</a></h4> <p>Optimized content delivery is key to a stable and reliable user experience for modern solutions that are delivered over the Internet. Join this session and learn about our expanded partnership announcements, discover the latest offer tiers, and discuss the value of multi Content Delivery Network scenarios for large deployments. Presented by: Grahan Cooley, Anton Kucer</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-connect-your-iot-devices-with-azure-iot-client-libraries/">Connect your IoT devices with Azure IoT client libraries</a></h4> <p>One of the challenges to developing an IoT solution is getting devices connected to the cloud.&nbsp;Join this session, to learn how Microsoft is helping our partners and customers to accelerate time-to-deployment through client offerings that connect to both Azure IoT Suite and Azure IoT Hub. Presented by: Olivier Bloch</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-control-and-monitor-your-content-with-azure-cdn-premium/">Control and monitor your content with Azure CDN Premium</a></h4> <p>Azure Content Delivery Network Premium provides a rich set of advanced features for controlling and monitoring your content. In this session, learn how to use custom controls, monitoring, and analytics features in Azure Content Delivery Network Premium. Presented by: Anton Kucer, Manling Zhang</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-q-a-with-lara-rubbelke/">Q&amp;A with Lara Rubbelke</a></h4> <p>Lara Rubbelke, Principle Software Development Engineer Lead at Microsoft answers questions from #AzureCon. </p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-architecting-enterprise-grade-linux-solutions-in-azure-iaas/">Architecting enterprise-grade Linux solutions in Azure IaaS</a></h4> <p>One in 4 virtual machines in Azure run on Linux, and that means several customers are already running enterprise-grade Linux solutions on Azure. In this session, you'll see a demonstration of the key features you use and need, like Azure Resource Manager and Linux virtual machine extensions, and best practices for running Linux and open-source software solutions based on several customer deployments. Presented by: Madhan Arumugam Ramakrishnan</p>

<h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-migrating-your-application-to-azure-service-fabric/">Migrating your Application to Azure Service Fabric</a></h4> <p>This session is about migrating an existing Azure Cloud Services based application to Azure Service Fabric. We will begin with a quick discussion on different motivations for such a migration. The rest of the talk will be focused on walking through the migrated application code and discussing the available design choices. Presented by: Vishwas Lele</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-introducing-the-cortana-analytics-suite/">Introducing the Cortana Analytics Suite</a></h4> <p>Cortana Analytics Suite is the fully managed big data and advanced analytics suite that enables you to transform your data into intelligent action. Join this session and learn about the suite, see end-to-end scenario demos, and hear customer success stories. Presented by: Dave Nettleton</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-expressroute-for-experts/">ExpressRoute for experts</a></h4> <p>This session provides an in-depth overview of ExpressRoute. We will cover the new features we launched and focus on advance configuration options and routing. Presented by: Ganesh Srinivasan</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-azure-data-and-analytics-platform/">Azure data and analytics platform </a></h4> <p>Azure offers a variety of data services for relational, schema-free NoSQL and streaming for your applications. In this session you will learn how to combine Azure SQL Database, DocumentDB, Storm, and Search to ingest, process, and store documents, social data, and structured transaction data to build application with different data needs. Presented by: Shawn Bice, Tony Petrossian, John Macintyre, Pablo Castro, Asad Khan</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-azure-app-service-the-fastest-way-to-build-web-and-mobile-apps/">Azure App Service, the fastest way to build web and mobile apps </a></h4> <p>Azure App Service combines three formerly separate development platforms—Azure Websites, Mobile Services, and BizTalk Services, into one simplified application development and delivery platform. With App Service you can easily create, consume, and orchestrate REST APIs that are straightforward for web and mobile developers. Combined with secured on-premises connective and isolated environments, App Service offers end-to-end solutions to enable a mobile workforce. In this session, learn how App Service helps you create web and mobile applications for both consumers and mobile workforce. Presented by: Yochay Kiriaty </p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-running-enterprise-applications-on-azure/">Running enterprise applications on Azure</a></h4> <p>Running enterprise applications requires significant hardware from your datacenter. Can a cloud provider support these critical applications? Can the cloud offer the connectivity that is needed for these applications to be successful? Join this session and learn how to use Azure Virtual Machines to reliably run your critical applications. Get an overview of the Virtual Machines service, learn how you can use it to run enterprise applications, and get the latest tips and tricks to get the most out of Azure IaaS. Presented by: Drew McDaniel</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-applying-azure-ml-to-software-development/">Applying Azure ML to Software Development </a></h4> <p>Machine Learning (ML) has proven to be quite effective in a variety of application domains, including speech recognition, object recognition, image retrieval etc. In each of these aforementioned application domains, ML based “programs” must adapt to changing conditions, handle large data sets often with irregularities, and come up with algorithms with little / incomplete knowledge. Sounds similar to software development? Turns out that ML is being applied to the field of software development including reverse engineering legacy code, software fault detection, and requirement analysis. In this session we will look at various examples of Azure ML being applied to software development. Presented by: Vishwas Lele</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-premium-storage-with-gs-series-virtual-machines/">Premium Storage with GS-Series virtual machines </a></h4> <p>Azure Premium Storage now supports the most powerful Azure virtual machine size, the GS-series. In this session, you will learn about the capabilities of the GS-Series virtual machine with Azure Premium Storage. We will demonstrate the GS-Series virtual machine performance by running a benchmarking tool, and will also demonstrate the performance of SQL Server running on a GS-Series virtual machine. Presented by: Pradnya Khadapkar</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-so-what-s-all-the-fuss-about-containers-anyway/">So what's all the fuss about containers anyway?</a></h4> <p>So, you’ve heard the news, containers are a big thing. But what’s all the fuss about really? In this session you’ll get a quick overview of containers and learn why you should care about them. Learn when to use containers and when to use full virtualization, and then see them in action on Azure. Presented by: Brian Randell</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-encryption-and-key-management-with-azure-key-vault/">Encryption and key management with Azure Key Vault</a></h4> <p>In this session, learn how to use disk encryption management for IaaS virtual machines and Azure Key Vault to help protect and safeguard your data to meet your organizational security and compliance commitments. Key Vault lets you store and control the keys and secrets that you use in your cloud application. Backed by FIPS 140-2 validated HSMs, it helps you reduce risks to your most important assets and achieve your compliance objectives, while balancing those needs with the scalability, availability, and agility benefits of the cloud. The Azure disk encryption solution lets you encrypt your IaaS virtual machine disks, including boot and data disks. The solution is integrated with Key Vault to help you control and manage the disk encryption keys in your Key Vault subscription, while ensuring that all data in the virtual machine disks are encrypted at rest in your Azure storage. Presented by: Sumedh Barde, Devendra Tiwari</p> 

<h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-azure-app-service-enterprise-mobile-data-sync/">Azure App Service: enterprise mobile data sync </a></h4> <p>Your employees need mobile apps to work wherever they are, whether they have connectivity or not. Azure App Service offers cross-platform data sync capability that enables apps to work offline and sync with variety of databases and enterprise data sources, in the cloud and on-premises. In this talk we distill several common patterns for offline data sync used by real-life App Service customers dealing with various data models, network configurations, conflict handling, and more. Presented by: Donna Malayeri</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-how-customers-in-the-media-and-entertainment-industry-are-using-azure-media-services-to-attract-new-digital-audiences-and-drive-revenue/">How customers in the media and entertainment industry are using Azure Media Services to attract new digital audiences and drive revenue</a></h4> <p>From live streaming large scale sporting events such as Formula One car racing, Premier League soccer, and the Super Bowl, to the wide distribution of Hollywood and Bollywood premium movie and television content, customers are using Azure to power their most exciting and lucrative entertainment services. Come hear how companies—from broadcasters and network operators to today’s next generation of Internet companies—are increasingly using Azure Media Services for their web and mobile video applications. Presented by: Martin Wahl</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-introducing-azure-devtest-lab/">Introducing Azure DevTest Lab </a></h4> <p>With modern development, more than ever both applications and environments require frequent changes. But, obtaining and modifying dev and test environments often involves significant effort and long delays. In this session we will discuss how to use Azure DevTest Lab to create and manage environments. Learn how to create a lab, share reusable templates and artifacts to quickly compose environments, set quotas and policies to optimize costs, and integrate with your existing toolchains for continuous delivery. Presented by: Claude Remillard</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-migrating-the-enterprise-data-warehouse-with-azure-sql-data-warehouse/">Migrating the enterprise data warehouse with Azure SQL Data Warehouse</a></h4> <p>The scale, speed, and enterprise-readiness of Azure SQL Data Warehouse address concerns about migrating large workloads to Azure. This session gives you the strategies you need to migrate enterprise, mission-critical workloads to Azure SQL Data Warehouse. Presented by: Drew DiPalma</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-overview-of-the-azure-service-fabric/">Overview of the Azure Service Fabric</a></h4> <p>Azure Service Fabric, announced at Build this year, is a state-of-the-art distributed system that allows developers to easily build and manage Internet scale services. It is used to build services such as Azure DB, Azure Document DB, Bing Cortana, Windows Intune, and core Azure services. Join this session and get an introduction to the types of problems you can solve with Service Fabric and why you should consider Service Fabric when designing a service in Azure, and see demos on building services using Visual Studio. You will also understand the microservices approach to application development where every part of the application is deployed as a self-contained component that can be individually scaled and updated, providing development agility. Presented by: Mark Fussell</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-bring-azure-to-your-datacenter-with-azure-stack/">Bring Azure to your datacenter with Azure Stack</a></h4> <p>Modernization of on-premises infrastructure, hybrid approaches, and new models for application delivery all make it possible for IT to help drive business value and transformation. Learn how, with the recently announced Microsoft Azure Stack, to bring the innovation from Microsoft’s hyper-scale datacenters into yours, enabling agility and productivity for application owners, with flexibility and control for IT. Presented by: Anant Sundaram</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-make-your-enterprise-mobile-with-app-service-data-sync-and-xamarin/">Make your enterprise mobile with App Service, Data Sync, and Xamarin</a></h4> <p>Employee apps need enterprise single-sign on, push notifications, and access to existing enterprise systems on premises. Learn how to use built-in capabilities in Azure App Service to quickly build and host a .NET Web API in the cloud and connect it to your mobile app. You will also learn how to enable your app users work with data offline, sync with the backend, and deal with conflict resolutions using Azure App Service. Xamarin allows you to build apps in C# cross platform, preserving the native experience. See a live demonstration of Azure App Service and Xamarin together making it faster and easier than ever to build cross-platform, occasionally-connected, enterprise mobile apps. Presented by: Kirill Gavrylyuk</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-azure-for-developers/">Azure for developers</a></h4> <p>There’s a never-ending stream of cloud innovation that developers must know about, but at the same time there’s confusion about all of the different ways to build apps for the cloud. It’s not easy to put all of these pieces together and see the big picture. When do you use PaaS versus IaaS? How should you handle all of the data associated with your apps? Should you consider a microservices architecture or stick with something more traditional? Well, this session will help you make sense of Azure without drilling into any specific service. Gain a thorough understanding of the components of Azure and how you can take advantage of them as a developer. Presented by: Scott Hanselman</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-increase-performance-of-azure-web-app-with-redis-cache/">Increase performance of Azure Web App with Redis Cache</a></h4> <p>Azure Web Apps provides a great way of building and scale Web Apps. Adding a Redis Cache allows you serve data much faster to the user which increases the performance a lot. Redis Cache is an open source engine which has consistent low latency and high throughput. This session will demonstrate how you can integrate Redis Cache into a Web App and scale your workload to server data faster. Presented by: Pranav Rastogi</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-performance-and-scale-up-with-azure-sql-database/">Performance and scale-up with Azure SQL Database</a></h4> <p>Azure SQL Database is a robust relational database platform for developing, deploying, and managing the data tier in a wide range of cloud-based applications. In this session, you’ll learn how to increase the performance and scale of SQL Database according to your business needs. Presented by: Tobias Ternstrom</p>

<h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-performance-and-scale-up-with-azure-sql-database/">Performance and scale-up with Azure SQL Database</a></h4> <p>Azure SQL Database is a robust relational database platform for developing, deploying, and managing the data tier in a wide range of cloud-based applications. In this session, you’ll learn how to increase the performance and scale of SQL Database according to your business needs. Presented by: Tobias Ternstrom</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-azure-notification-hubs-recipes-for-good-mobile-push/">Azure Notification Hubs: Recipes for good mobile push</a></h4> <p>Mobile push notifications are essential for any mobile app, whether for your customers or employees. Azure Notification Hubs is a cross-platform push notification capability you need to deliver push notifications at scale to iOS, OSX, Android, Chrome, Windows, Windows Phone, or Kindle Fire clients. In this session, we distill best practices of “good push” for employee and consumer apps based on thousands of real customer apps and billions of push notifications served by Azure Notification Hubs every week. Hear real-world examples from customers who are providing large scale, engaging, dynamic, and timely mobile experiences for consumers, as well as secure, reliable, enterprise messaging to employees with Azure Notification Hubs and Azure App Service. Presented by: Kirill Gavrylyuk</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-financial-services-compliance-in-azure/">Financial services compliance in Azure</a></h4> <p>As the cloud platform with the largest compliance portfolio in the industry, Azure is committed to partnering with customers in their risk-management efforts through investments in trust and transparency. Driven by these principles, we are announcing today two new compliance programs tailored to the financial services industry. Presented by: Alan Ross</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-integrate-all-of-the-things/">Integrate all of the things! </a></h4> <p>As the world of APIs, SaaS, and IoT continues to grow, the need to integrate and automate across all of your ”things” has never been greater. Join this session to learn how Azure Logic Apps can help you integrate across services and devices quickly and simply—with the scale and power of the Azure cloud. Presented by: Jeff Hollan</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-q-a-with-bill-staples/">Q&amp;A with Bill Staples</a></h4> <p>Corporate Vice President of Microsoft Azure Application Platform, Bill Staples answers your #AzureCon questions. </p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-live-event-streaming-and-employee-video-portals-how-video-is-changing-the-way-we-work-and-collaborate/">Live event streaming and employee video portals: how video is changing the way we work and collaborate</a></h4> <p>Like spreadsheets and PowerPoint presentations before, video has taken over how employers and employees educate, inform, and collaborate with each other. Come hear how our global enterprise customers are using the latest business video features in Azure Media Services to improve communication with their internal and external audiences. Explore practical deployment scenarios, such as how to stream live employee town halls, capture and distribute industry events, and provide employee and partner training. Discover powerful tools &nbsp;to better share internally-generated product and customer-focused video content. Presented by: Martin Wahl</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-azure-iaas-proper-sizing-and-cost/">Azure IaaS: proper sizing and cost</a></h4> <p>Two of the most frequently asked questions about moving to Azure IaaS are “How do I size it?” and “What will it cost me?” These questions aren’t easy to answer. Many tools will tell you how to move an on-premises computer to an Azure virtual machine assuming that what you have now is exactly what you need in Azure. In this session, you’ll learn that it is possible to accurately determine what size Azure virtual machines you need and how to calculate the most cost-effective way to move to Azure. You’re moving to better, faster hardware, so why would you need the exact same number of virtual machines with the exact same memory and CPUs? Servers can be consolidated and sized appropriately when the recommendations are based on analysis of the actual performance of the existing servers with a mind for consolidation using very precise calculations of the performance capabilities of the Azure environment. In addition to performance, you can accurately determine your best options based on costs for Azure in terms of storage, storage transactions, networking, and Microsoft SQL Server licensing. Would you be better off moving 5 on-premises servers on a standard A7 virtual machine or would 3 servers on a standard A5 and the other 2 on a basic A3 be more cost effective? This can be calculated. Presented by: Robert Davis</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-manage-and-secure-identities-in-a-cloud-and-mobile-world/">Manage and secure identities in a cloud and mobile world</a></h4> <p>Employees today use several devices and apps across a variety of locations to access a constantly changing set of resources. Not only do they use several SaaS applications, but they would like to have single sign-on to the cloud and on-premises. This complex activity creates a blind spot in identity and security, opening up your network to malicious attackers. Today, more than 75% of security breaches stem from compromised user credentials. In this session, learn how Azure Active Directory and Microsoft Advanced Threat Analytics help you to secure and manage user identity in your business, identify security breaches before they cause damage, and give your users a single identity for accessing all corporate resources. We will discuss the technologies used to discover Shadow IT, manage application access, and monitor suspicious activity through advanced security reporting, user behavioral analytics, auditing, and alerting. Presented by: Dushyant Gill</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-azure-api-management-policies-and-expressions/">Accelerate API publishing with Azure API Management</a></h4> <p>APIs represent a significant business growth opportunity for organizations of all sizes. APIs are being used to monetize existing data and services, open new channels to new customers, and improve business agility. However, opening APIs to partners and developers has many challenges—creating consistent and modern API facades for existing backend services, protecting APIs form misuse and overuse, on-boarding developers, and getting insight into API usage and health, just to name a few. In this hands-on presentation you’ll learn how Azure API Management can help overcome these challenges and accelerate your API programs. Presented by: Evgeny Popov, Vladimir Vinogradsky</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-get-started-with-azure-sql-database/">Get started with Azure SQL Database</a></h4> <p>Azure SQL Database is a robust relational database platform for developing, deploying, and managing the data tier in a wide range of cloud-based applications. In this session, you’ll learn about our latest investments in SQL Database in the area of service tiers, performance, scale out, business continuity, security, and experiences for data developers and data management. Presented by: Tobias Ternstrom</p> 

<h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-q-a-with-t-k-rengarajan/">Q&amp;A with T.K. Rengarajan</a></h4> <p>T.K. "Ranga" Rengarajan, Corporate Vice President, Data Platform answers #AzureCon questions. </p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-overview-of-azure-sql-data-warehouse/">Overview of Azure SQL Data Warehouse</a></h4> <p>Join this session for an overview of one of the newest Azure services, Azure SQL Data Warehouse, and get answers to your questions. What is SQL Data Warehouse? When should I choose SQL Data Warehouse instead of SQL Database or HDInsight? How does SQL Data Warehouse integrate with other Azure services? What can I do with third-party tooling, such as Tableau, Informatica, and even SQL Sentry)? Presented by: Matt Usher</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-azure-for-it-implementers/">Azure for IT implementers</a></h4> <p>By now you will have heard of Azure and probably have been lost in a plethora of terminology: virtual networks, web apps, worker roles, virtual machines, Azure Active Directory, compute, REST APIs, blobs—the list goes on and on. Doesn’t it just make your head hurt? Come to this session and understand what Azure is, what can be done with it, and what role you can take as an IT pro. Gain a thorough understanding of the components of Azure. Learn how you can integrate on-premises and cloud services, creating solutions for the future. The session is packed with demos. Presented by: Mark Russinovich</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-azure-resource-manager-changing-the-way-you-do-devops/">Azure Resource Manager: changing the way you do DevOps</a></h4> <p>See how one customer discovered what DevOps really means with Azure Resource Manager. See how a little time invested to migrate from classic IaaS management to Resource Manager transformed the way they worked with Azure and achieved an impressive return on investment. See how we planned, designed, and deployed three SharePoint environments for development, QA, and production, through an Azure Enterprise Agreement. Presented by: Julien Stroheker</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-building-secure-virtual-networks-in-azure/">Building secure virtual networks in Azure</a></h4> <p>Get a high-level overview of key network security features in Azure, see three examples of how these features can be layered to build secure networks in Azure and across hybrid connections to your on-premises network, and finally get a brief introduction to PowerShell commands for Network Security Groups and User Defined Routing. Presented by: Jon Ormond</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-scaling-a-multi-tenant-application-with-azure-documentdb/">Scaling a multi-tenant application with Azure DocumentDB</a></h4> <p>We are frequently asked, “How do I design a multi-tenant application on top of Azure DocumentDB?” In this session, we will answer that question. Join us to learn how to shard your data using DocumentDB to horizontally scale-out a multi-tenant application. You will also learn about common sharding patterns, as well as how to manage your storage and throughput. Presented by: Ryan CrawCour, David Makogan</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-create-multi-tenant-saas-applications-powered-by-many-azure-sql-databases/">Create multi-tenant SaaS applications powered by many Azure SQL Databases</a></h4> <p>Azure SQL Database is a robust relational database platform for developing, deploying, and managing the data tier in a wide range of cloud-based applications. Join this session and learn how to use this platform to develop SaaS applications that achieve near limitless scale and elasticity with high availability and geo-redundancy. Presented by: Torsten Grabs</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-azure-platform-security-and-compliance/">Azure Platform security and compliance</a></h4> <p>Join this session for an overview of Azure security, including the strategy and the approach to meet the needs of highly-scalable, enterprise-class and hybrid workloads. It covers all of the key areas of security including identity security, network security, system security, data and key security, monitoring, response, compliance, and privacy. Presented by: David Cross</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-management-anywhere/">Management anywhere</a></h4> <p>Learn how Microsoft Operations Management Suite leverages Azure hyper-scale cloud resources, extending System Center capabilities to unleash new, modern IT management scenarios, delivering faster ways to troubleshoot issues with streamlined operations. Operations Management Suite delivers a rich set of ready-made solutions that help you manage and protect your Windows and Linux workloads across your datacenter, Azure, AWS, OpenStack, and VMware environments. Get started in minutes, and quickly gain operational insights from any machine data in your environment through log analytics solutions, while seamlessly protecting any workload with robust backup and recovery solutions. Presented by: Jeremy Winter</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-monitoring-diagnosing-and-troubleshooting-azure-storage-based-applications/">Monitoring, diagnosing and troubleshooting Azure Storage-based applications</a></h4> <p>Join this session to learn how to use Azure Storage to support your applications monitoring, diagnosis, and troubleshooting strategy. You will learn how to use end-to-end monitoring capabilities, including Storage service, client libraries, and network monitoring. And, you’ll get a hands-on demonstration of how to enable Storage analytics, monitor metrics for potential issues, and troubleshoot using log files and Message Analyzer. Presented by: Jason Hogg</p> 


<h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-management-anywhere/">Management anywhere</a></h4> <p>Learn how Microsoft Operations Management Suite leverages Azure hyper-scale cloud resources, extending System Center capabilities to unleash new, modern IT management scenarios, delivering faster ways to troubleshoot issues with streamlined operations. Operations Management Suite delivers a rich set of ready-made solutions that help you manage and protect your Windows and Linux workloads across your datacenter, Azure, AWS, OpenStack, and VMware environments. Get started in minutes, and quickly gain operational insights from any machine data in your environment through log analytics solutions, while seamlessly protecting any workload with robust backup and recovery solutions. Presented by: Jeremy Winter</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-azure-facades-for-secure-hybrid-applications/">Azure façades for secure, hybrid applications</a></h4> <p>Discover an approach for using the Web Apps feature in Azure App Service to provide secured Salesforce and payment processors in on-premises services. In this session, you’ll learn how to move your security boundary to the external edge of your environment minimizing any surface area of attack. Use Salesforce in a HIPAA-compliant manner to reach your existing on-premises applications. This approach is also a solution that extends to help ensure PCI compliance with payment processing systems like Bluefin. Presented by: Tom Canter</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-add-identity-into-your-cloud-based-apps/">Add identity into your cloud-based apps</a></h4> <p>Identity management as a service (IDaaS) is an emerging capability to help developers and organizations manage access to modern applications. Integrating with Azure Active Directory can save you time from coding your own sign-in logic and trying to protect your user's passwords, and it has many security and user experience benefits. Used by more than 4 million organizations and containing more than 430 million identities, Azure Active Directory is the gateway to accessing the Office 365 API and other Microsoft cloud service APIs. In the session, learn the most common scenarios for integrating with Azure Active Directory, get an overview of the Azure Active Directory feature set, and find out what’s coming next. Presented by: Vittorio Bertocci</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-manage-code-changes-to-web-apps-using-the-devops-features-of-azure-app-service-and-visual-studio-release-management/">Manage code changes to Web Apps using the DevOps features of Azure App Service and Visual Studio Release Management</a></h4> <p>Web Apps on Azure App Service provide a rich platform-as-a service environment for hosting your enterprise-grade web applications, but as we know, hosting your application is only half of the battle. In this session you’ll see how to manage code changes with ease by using the DevOps features of Azure App Service while enlisting the help of Visual Studio Release Management. Presented by: Daria Grigoriu, Donovan Brown</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-next-generation-application-deployment-with-azure-resource-manager/">Next-generation application deployment with Azure Resource Manager</a></h4> <p>Azure Resource Manager lets you work with the resources in your solution as a group. You can deploy, update, or delete all of the resources for your solution in a single, coordinated operation. You use a template for deployment, and that template can work for different environments, such as testing, staging, and production. Resource Manager provides security, auditing, and tagging features to help you manage your resources after deployment. In this session, you’ll learn how to use Resource Manager templates to group resources and build and manage applications. Presented by: Mahesh Thiagarajan</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-azure-search-best-practices-for-web-and-mobile-applications/">Azure Search. Best practices for web and mobile applications</a></h4> <p>A great search experience is a key to success for many mobile and web applications. From real estate and used car marketplaces to ecommerce catalogs, fast search and relevant results will affect the customer experience. Join this session and discover best practices for how to get the most out of Azure Search, especially for advanced scenarios with sophisticated requirements for scalability, multi-language support, or custom ranking. &nbsp;In addition, we will touch on internals and cover approaches that work effectively in real-world customer apps. Presented by: Pablo Castro</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-deploying-highly-scalable-and-secure-web-and-mobile-apps/">Deploying highly scalable and secure&nbsp;web and mobile apps </a></h4> <p>Join this session and learn how to quickly and easily achieve high scale apps by using a combination of Azure Traffic Manager and multiple App Service Environment deployments within a single Azure region. See how App Service Environments support a layered security approach using virtual networks and network security groups. Learn how to control direct Internet access to apps, while providing secure high-speed connectivity to back-end resources located in the same virtual network topology. Presented by: Stefan Schakow</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-enterprise-mobility-suite-when-byod-is-the-new-standard-and-you-need-to-be-equipped-for-it/">Enterprise Mobility Suite: when BYOD is the new standard, and you need to be equipped for it</a></h4> <p>Discover how a consulting firm with around 100 mobile workers implemented Enterprise Mobility Suite to get rid of password problems that cluttered their Level 1 call center and managed a fleet of mobile devices that are not in Active Directory. Presented by: Julien Stroheker</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-real-world-ways-to-increase-app-usage-with-azure-mobile-engagement/">Real world ways to increase app usage with Azure Mobile Engagement</a></h4> <p>Keeping mobile app users interested and active requires not only a great app, but also an engagement strategy. Join this session and see how customers are using Azure Mobile Engagement to use the customer knowledge they acquire with analytics to trigger conversations and usage. Presented by: Karl Piteira</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-building-apps-with-the-intelligent-cloud/">Building apps with the intelligent cloud</a></h4> <p>Apps are key to transforming and growing your business. Apps define your customers' experience, empower employees’ success and underpin critical business processes but can take time to show results. Hear from organizations how building on the Azure application platform is accelerating their business transformation and driving rapid results. Presented by: Bill Staples</p> 

<h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-infrastructure-for-the-intelligent-cloud/">Infrastructure for the intelligent cloud</a></h4> <p>Microsoft Azure is built on a hyper-scale, hybrid and trustworthy infrastructure platform that helps organizations add scale to their applications, be agile and enjoy cost savings. Learn how businesses are transforming themselves by evolving their IT strategy to take advantage of Azure's infrastructure platform. Presented by Jason Zander</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-journey-to-the-intelligent-cloud/">Journey to the intelligent cloud</a></h4> <p>Cloud is helping business and technical leaders worldwide turn the digital disruption into their advantage. How can you do the same? Gain insights from organizations successfully transforming using cloud, hear best practices first hand from customers and learn about some of the latest Microsoft innovations to enable your journey to the cloud. Presented by: Scott Guthrie</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-transforming-data-into-intelligent-action/">Transforming Data into intelligent action</a></h4> <p>Data is everywhere. It is generated by applications, by sensors, and by devices at a rapidly increasing rate. Capturing all of this data and transforming it into intelligent action can differentiate and change an organization. Learn how companies are taking advantage of data through the latest innovations in Microsoft’s Data Platform in areas such as Modern Apps, Internet of Things, Data Warehousing, Business Intelligence, Advanced Analytics, and Hybrid solutions. Presented by: T.K. Rengarajan</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-deciding-between-different-virtual-machine-sizes/">Deciding between different virtual machine sizes</a></h4> <p>Azure provides a wide range of virtual machine sizes for any workload that you might want to run. Trying to decide which size is right for your workload can seem challenging. Join this session to find out about some of the considerations for selecting virtual machine sizes and learn the differences between different virtual machine size families and their regional availability. Presented by: Kenaz Kwa</p>   <h4><a class="azurecon-video-link" href="https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/documentation/videos/azurecon-2015-getting-started-with-azure-iaas/">Getting started with Azure IaaS</a></h4> <p>Join this session for an introduction to Azure infrastructure as a service (IaaS). In this demo-packed session see how to use Azure Virtual Machines and Azure Virtual Networks to run virtually any workload in the cloud. You’ll learn about capabilities for hybrid connectivity and see how Azure can lower the total cost of ownership of infrastructure workloads while making your organization more agile and lean. Presented by: Michael Washam</p>